# R3 Collaboratives Privacy Policy

## THE EDTHENA PLEDGE

Welcome to Edthena! We know that you care about how your personal information is
used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously.

If you have any questions, please contact us at privacy@edthena.com.

Edthena is a proud signatory of the Student Privacy Pledge. To learn more about
the Pledge, visit https://StudentPrivacyPledge.org.

## PRIVACY POLICY

Edthena is provided by R3 Collaboratives, Inc. ("R3 Collaboratives"), located at
95 Third Street Fl 2, San Francisco, CA 94103. This Privacy Policy applies to
the Edthena website and mobile application(s) and online services
("**Edthena**"), including the VC3 by Edthena video coaching application and
online services ("**VC3**"), the AI Coach by Edthena application and online
services ("**AI Coach**"), the Observation Copilot application and online
services ("**Observation Copilot**"), the websites located at
https://app.edthena.com, https://www.edthena.com/, https://edtpatips.com/,
https://pltogether.org/, and https://observationcopilot.com/, as well as any
other websites or applications we own or operate and that link to this Privacy
Policy (collectively, our "**Service**"). This Privacy Policy explains our
practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of personal
information as well as your choices regarding the collection and use of
information. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have
the meaning given them in our [Terms of Service](terms.md).

### 1. How We Collect Personal Information

Personal information is information that can personally identify a specific
individual, such as a name, address, telephone number, email address, and other
information linked to that personal identifier. We collect personal information
in a number of ways from our website visitors and Users of our Service.

**A. Information you provide.** We ask for certain information when a teacher,
student-teacher, school administrator or other individual (our "**Users**" or
"**User**") registers for an account or corresponds with us online, which could
include your first and last name, email address, profile picture, user name,
billing and payment information, and/or any additional personal information you
voluntarily provide in your account profile, which could include, but is not
limited to, your school name and location, your coursework or degree
information, what grade level and subject matter you teach, your position within
the school, and similar information. We collect personal information if you send
us a message or respond to emails and surveys. We may also collect information
about your friends and colleagues that you invite to join the Service or to view
your content on the Service. We use this contact information to send the
invitations and reminder emails, and other communications.

**B. Information collected through the use of the Service.** Once the User has
created an account, we collect content and information provided by the Users on
the Service. For example, Users could provide information about coursework,
assignments, photos, images, video, feedback, comments and other communications.
All content provided by the Users to or through the Service is "**User
Content**." As provided in our [Terms of Service](terms.md), you are responsible
for the User Content you post to the Service.

**C. Information We Collect From Third Party Services and Social Media Sites.**
We may collect information about you from third party services that you connect
to our Service. For example, if you login through Google or other single-sign-on
services, share Edthena content on social media sites, or if you access other
third party services, such as DropBox, Google Drive, YouTube, and other websites
("**Third Party Services**"), through our Service in order to share certain
content selected and approved by you with those services, and/or to import
content into the Service, these third parties may provide us information about
you. We may also receive information about you if you interact with our site
through various social media, for example, by liking us on Facebook or following
us on X. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the
social network or other third party site. You should always review, and if
necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services
before linking or connecting them to the Service.

**D. Information Relating to Non-Users, including K12 Students.** To the extent
that our Service is used by a college, university, local education agency,
teacher, or other educational institution ("**Educational Institution**") and
(a) its students as part of school curriculum (e.g., a teacher training program
in a university), or (b) by teachers in a K12 educational setting (e.g. as part
of a teachers improvement program), Users, including teachers, administrators
and teachers-in-training, may upload User Content that contains videos, images
or personal information of K12 students, teachers, or other non-users of the
Service. This User Content may include personal information from "educational
records" as defined by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA"),
20 U.S.C. ยง 1232(g) ("**Student Data**"). We consider Student Data to be highly
confidential, and we utilize this data only to provide our Service and as
permitted in this Privacy Policy and [Terms of Service](terms.md). As a User, it
is your responsibility to ensure that you have the appropriate rights and
authority to upload and/or share User Content containing personal information of
non-users, and that your use of the service (including your sharing of User
Content with others) is appropriate for the type of personal information
contained in your User Content. Please refer to the section called
["Student Data"](#8-student-data) below to learn more about how we process
Student Data on behalf of an Educational Institution.

**E. Information Collected Through Technology.** We automatically collect
certain types of usage information when you visit our website or use our
Service. This information is typically collected through cookies, log files, web
beacons, and similar tracking technology (collectively, "cookies"). These
cookies collect information about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you
view, the links you click, and other actions you take on the Service),
information about your browser and online usage patterns (e.g., Internet
Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages
and URLs, pages viewed, whether you opened an email , links clicked), and
information about the device(s) you use to access the Service (e.g., mobile
carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system
brand and model, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your
geographical location data). We may also collect analytics data, or use
third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the
Service. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our
visitors, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser
at this time.

We use or may use the data collected through cookies to: (a) remember
information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the
next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and
information, including targeted advertising on our website; (c) provide and
monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as
total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our
website and our Service; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems; (f)
investigate fraud or misuse of the Service and (g) otherwise to plan for and
enhance our Service. Most browsers automatically accept cookies as the default
setting. You can modify your browser setting to reject cookies or to prompt you
before accepting a cookie from the sites you visit by editing your browser
options. If you decide not to accept our cookies, you may not be able to use
some of the Service's features and functionality.

**F. Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising:** We may permit third party
online advertising networks to collect information about your visit to our
website over time so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to
your interests on our website as well as on other websites or services. You may
be able to avoid the collection of information through cookies or other tracking
technology for advertising purposes by actively managing the settings on your
browser or mobile device to delete or not accept cookies. Please refer to your
browser's or mobile device's technical information for instructions on how to
delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. (To learn more
about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies and how you may
opt-out of some of this tracking, you may wish to visit
https://allaboutcookies.org/ and/or the Network Advertising Initiative's online
resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org). Depending on your mobile
device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through settings.

Please note that although we may permit third party advertising partners to
collect information on our websites for the purpose of sending targeted
advertisements, **we do not allow third-party advertising networks to collect
information about teachers who are logged into our Service, nor process Student
Data, for the purpose of sending targeted advertisements.**

### 2. How We Use and Disclose Your Personal Information

We use the information we collect for the following purposes:

- To provide our Service, to communicate with Users, to respond to inquiries and
  for other customer service purposes;
- To tailor the content and information that we display to Users, to offer
  personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your
  experience while using the Service.
- From time to time, we may send periodic promotional or informational emails to
  Users. We do not use Student Data to send marketing communications or to
  engage in targeted advertising. You may opt-out of such communications by
  following the opt-out instructions contained in each email.
- We collect statistics to better understand how Users access and use our
  Service in order to improve our Service and for other research and analytic
  purposes.
- We may use information to maintain, develop, support, and improve our Service
  and our other educational products and services.
- Certain parts of our Service, such as AI Coach and Observation Copilot, depend
  on the use of data to 'train' and improve internal data models and tools. We
  process User Content and coaching submissions to evaluate and improve the
  validity, reliability and efficacy of the Service offerings, and to train our
  AI algorithms and machine learning data models. We may use AI technology
  provided by third party vendors to perform this service, subject to
  appropriate contractual obligations to protect personal information to the
  same degree we are required to protect it under this Privacy Policy. We do not
  permit third-party AI vendors to use the data we share with them for their own
  model training purposes.

The Service facilitates the sharing of User Content and communications between
Users. We share data within the Service as needed to perform the Service and we
share data at our User's request and direction. For example, User Content may be
shared between Users to facilitate feedback and training to improve learning
outcomes. Sharing within the Service will depend on the settings and
functionality selected by the User. Otherwise, we only share personal
information with third parties in limited circumstances, described below. **We
will never share, use or sell Student Data or User Content with third parties
for marketing purposes.**

We may disclose personal information in the following ways:

A. With your consent. We disclose information with your consent and at your
direction. The Service includes a communication tool that permits and encourages
data sharing and communication between Users. A User may control which other
Users may access her User Content, and may invite and authorize non-users to
access her User Content. By accessing and using the Service through a license
provided by an educational institution, employer, or other third party
institution, the User must also consent to have User Content and personal
information shared with the institution that provides the license. In all other
circumstances, a User may authorize a specific individual (either another User
or a non-user), or a class of individuals through Settings, to access User
Content under her control.

B. With our trusted vendors and third party service providers, including third
party AI vendors. We may share personal information with certain trusted
vendors, third party service providers and individuals to perform tasks on our
behalf, but strictly for the purpose of carrying out their work for us, which
may include business development, software design, hosting, payments,
accounting, and other similar services. Personal information will be shared with
these third parties as reasonably needed to perform their services to us, and
under reasonable confidentiality terms. Vendors and service providers who have
access to Student Data, if any, shall be subject to privacy and confidentiality
provisions no less protective than those provided herein.

C. We may share information with other companies owned by or under common
ownership with R3 Collaboratives. These companies will use your personal
information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Policy.

D. Aggregate or De-Identified Data. We will share information that has been
de-identified or compiled in an aggregated and/or anonymous form that does not
reasonably identify you directly as an individual. For example, we may share
aggregate data with other Users to display statistical data related to the use
of the Service. Or we can use and share aggregate data to provide feedback to
our Users or to measure certain metrics over time. We may also use de-identified
or aggregate data to study and improve our Service, user functionality, and
product offerings.

E. We may disclose your personal information if we have a good faith belief that
the disclosure is necessary to (i) comply with the law or legal process; (ii) to
comply with the reasonable request of law enforcement; (iii) to enforce or apply
our Terms of Service or other agreements or to protect the security or integrity
of our Service; and/or (iv) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or
safety of R3 Collaboratives, our employees, our Users, or others.

F. If R3 Collaboratives or some or all of its assets were acquired or otherwise
transferred to a third party in the course of a company transaction, such as a
merger, sale of company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of
control, bankruptcy or other corporate event, the personal information of our
Users may be transferred to or acquired by a third party. If the transaction
involves the transfer of Student Data or User Content to a third party, we will
require the third party to agree to be subject to the same commitments set forth
in this Privacy Policy or we will provide you with notice and an opportunity to
opt-out of the transfer of Student Data and User Content by terminating your
account before the transfer occurs.

### 3. Communications

As part of our Service, we may use your information to communicate with you
about your account or transactions with us, or send you information about
Service updates, newsletters, or promotional materials. You acknowledge that by
using the Service, R3 Collaboratives and our trusted third party business
partners working on our behalf may send you email or engage in other
communications with you. You can unsubscribe from these emails by clicking on
the "unsubscribe" button within the body of the email. Please note that you are
not permitted to unsubscribe or opt-out of non-promotional messages regarding
your account, such as account verification, changes or updates to features of
the Service, or technical or security notices. We may also communicate with you
via in-app notifications or in-Service messaging. You may be able to control
these communications through your Settings.

When you provide an email address to invite a friend or colleague to join the
Service or to view your content on the Service, we will use this information to
send the invitation, and we may send 1-2 reminder emails if we have not received
a response. From time to time, we may also send these individuals email
communications letting them know more about R3 Collaboratives and the Service.
The recipients may unsubscribe from these emails by clicking on the
"unsubscribe" button within the body of the email at any time.

### 4. Links to Other Websites

The Service and our email communications may contain links to other websites or
services. These other websites and services are not under R3 Collaboratives'
control, and such links do not constitute an endorsement by R3 Collaboratives of
those other websites. The privacy and security practices of websites linked to
or from the Service are not covered by this Privacy Policy, and R3
Collaboratives is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the
content of such websites. Moreover, R3 Collaboratives is not responsible for any
third party links which may be provided in User Content by our Users. We
encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of any third party website or
service before providing them with personal information.

### 5. Our Security and Data Storage Practices

R3 Collaboratives cares about the security of your information and uses
commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards
to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect. These
safeguards can include, but are not limited to, need-based access, firewall and
encryption, physical security controls for our office and company locations,
employee training, and other such mechanisms. Our security team periodically
reviews our information storage and security practices and updates our policies
and practices as needed to address changing technologies and known threats. In
the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a
breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation
and where appropriate, notify those Users whose information may have been
compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and
regulations.

Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in
the United States or any other country in which R3 Collaboratives or its
subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. If you are
located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data
collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may
transfer information, including personal information, to a country and
jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your
jurisdiction. By using this Service, you consent to such transfer, and you agree
that R3 Collaboratives may process your personal information in the United
States or any other jurisdiction, as described in this Privacy Policy.

### 6. Control, Access and Deletion of Personal Information

You may access, update or correct your personal information at any time by
logging into your account.

User accounts and User Content are maintained on the Service unless and until R3
Collaboratives receives a deletion request from the User. In the future, R3
Collaboratives may delete dormant accounts and User Content, subject to storage
constraints.

To request deletion of an account, please contact us at support@edthena.com. R3
Collaboratives will promptly delete or de-identify the account, including the
User Content within the account, within thirty (30) days of such request or
instruction, though we may retain and use certain information if necessary to
comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements,
and all information stored in our backup data repository will be deleted
pursuant to our standard deletion policy. We may not be able to delete feedback
or comments you provide to another User or another User's User Content on the
Service. Please note that Users accessing the Service under an institution's
enterprise license may not be able to delete an account without the
institution's approval. Please contact your university, employer, or other
institution through which you obtained the license to discuss account deletion.

We may maintain aggregate or de-identified data in a form that does not
reasonably identify a particular individual, for our internal use or analytic
purposes.

If you are a Parent, teacher, or school administrator and would like to request
access information relating to a student or minor who may appear in User Content
that has been posted on the Service by a User, please contact us at
privacy@edthena.com and we will do our best to assist you. User Content are
owned and controlled by our Users, who are responsible for ensuring they have
the appropriate authority and permissions to upload User Content that contains
personal information about other individuals.

### 7. Children's Privacy

While our Service may be used by adult Users (such as teachers or
administrators) to process personal information relating to children in a
classroom, our Service is not intended to be used directly by children
themselves.

When our service is used by an Educational Institution, Users may upload User
Content that includes videos, audio, images or other personal information
relating to students in a classroom (Student Data), which could include personal
information about children under 13. For information on how we process Student
Data through the provision of the Service to Schools, see the
["Student Data"](#8-student-data) section below.

We do not collect or solicit personal information directly from children under
13, unless and except when an Educational Institution configures the service to
collect personal information in a classroom setting. In such cases:

- The Educational Institution provides consent for R3 Collaboratives to collect
  personal information from students under the age of 13 through the services
  provided on the Educational Institution's behalf, as permitted by the
  Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") and other applicable data
  privacy laws.
- We collect and process personal information from students under 13 solely at
  the direction of and under the control of an Educational Institution.
- At all times, the Educational Institution is in control of what personal
  information may be collected, and the Educational Institution has the right to
  request to review or delete the personal information collected from students
  under 13 or decline to permit further collection or use of the students'
  personal information.
- Educational Institutions are responsible for providing appropriate notice to
  parents or legal guardians (each, a "Parent") of the Educational Institution's
  use of third-party providers such as R3 Collaboratives. We recommend that
  Educational Institution customers provide a link to this Privacy Notice to all
  Parents.

<u>Data Collected from Children</u>: The Educational Institution is in control
of whether and how personal information may be collected from a child through
the service in the context of capturing User Content. To the extent personal
information is collected, it could include an audio or video recording or image
of the child in a classroom setting, and any personal information that is
disclosed verbally in such a recording, such as the child's name.

<u>How We Disclose Children's Personal Information</u>: We disclose a child's
personal information as needed to provide our Service, or to third parties with
appropriate consent or authorization. For example, we share a child's personal
information with third parties as authorized by the owner of the User Content or
the Educational Institution. More information about how we may disclose personal
information can be found in the
["How We Use and Disclose Your Personal Information"](#2-how-we-use-and-disclose-your-personal-information)
section of our Privacy Policy.

We also share information with our trusted third-party service providers who
provide services to us or on our behalf, such as website hosting services,
information technology and analytics services. Our current list of service
providers is available upon request. As required by applicable data protection
laws, we impose contractual limits on how these service providers can use the
personal information they receive.

<u>How to Access and Delete a Child's Personal information</u>: COPPA provides
parents the right to review the personal information collected from a child,
withdraw consent for further collection and request deletion of the child's
personal information. If you are a parent of a student under 13 whose personal
information may have been collected through the Educational Institution's use of
the Service, and you want to request to review or delete the Student's personal
information, please contact your child's Educational Institution to submit your
request. We will respond to the Educational Institution's instructions with
respect to your child's personal information.

Unless we receive a deletion request, we will retain the personal information
collected from the child for as long as necessary to provide our Service to the
Educational Institution and comply with our legal obligations. If you believe a
child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us other than as
described above, please contact us at privacy@edthena.com so that we may delete
such information.

For more information on how we collect and process Student Data, please see the
["Student Data"](#8-student-data) section below.

### 8. Student Data

Educational Institutions may use the R3 Collaboratives service in a manner that
does not require the collection of any personal information from or about
students, although not all features of the platform may be available.

To help Educational Institutions address their obligations to protect their
students' data privacy, we have implemented additional controls and procedures
for Educational Institutions when they enter into a contract with R3
Collaboratives to use the service for school purposes. When our Service is used
by Users on behalf of a Educational Institutions, the personal information
related to students that is provided to R3 Collaboratives by the Users may
include information defined as "educational records" by the Family Educational
Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA") or "covered information" under California's
Student Online Personal Information Protection Act ("SOPIPA"), or other
information protected by similar student data privacy laws. We call this
information "Student Data."

- As between us and the Educational Institutions, Student Data is owned and
  controlled by the Educational Institutions. Our collection and use of Student
  Data is governed by our contracts with the User or with the applicable
  Educational Institutions and by applicable privacy laws. For example, we
  provide services to Educational Institutions as a "School Official" under
  FERPA and we work with Educational Institutions to help protect personal
  information from the student's educational record, as required by the FERPA.
- We collect, maintain, use and share Student Data only for an authorized
  educational purpose and as described in our Agreement with the Educational
  Institutions, or as directed by the Educational Institutions or User.
- We do not use, disclose, or sell Student Data for any advertising purposes.
- We do not build a personal profile of a student other than in furtherance of
  an educational purpose.
- We maintain a comprehensive data security program designed to protect the
  types of Student Data maintained by our services.
- We will clearly and transparently disclose our data policies and practices to
  our users.
- We will never sell Student Data unless the sale is part of a corporate
  transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other sale of
  assets, in which case we will require the new owner to continue to honor the
  terms provided in this Privacy Notice or we will provide the Educational
  Institution with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of the transfer of
  Student Data by deleting the Student Data before the transfer occurs.
- We will not make any material changes to our Privacy Notice or contractual
  agreements that relate to the collection or use of Student Data without first
  giving notice to the Educational Institutions and providing a choice before
  the Student Data are used in a materially different manner than was disclosed
  when the information was collected.

#### How We Share and Disclose Student Data

We disclose Student Data solely as needed to provide our services on behalf of
specific Educational Institutions in accordance with our contracts with those
Educational Institutions. We may also disclose Student Data pursuant to the
Educational Institution's instructions or with the consent of the Educational
Institution or institutional User.

For example, Student Data may be disclosed to or accessible by Users who are
authorized to use our services on behalf of the Educational Institution. An
Educational Institution's Users may choose to disclose Student Data through
integrations with third party applications. R3 Collaboratives is not responsible
for the data practices of third parties and the Educational Institution User is
solely responsible for the consequences of providing or transmitting Student
Data through third party integrations.

We may disclose Student Data to trusted service providers who have a legitimate
need to access such information on our behalf, subject to appropriate
contractual terms to protect such data. Our current list of service providers is
available upon request.

We may also disclose Student Data in connection with a business transaction or
to support our legal rights and obligations, as described in the
["How We Use and Share Disclose Your Personal Information"](#2-how-we-use-and-disclose-your-personal-information)
section of this Privacy Notice.

#### How We Use De-Identified Data

We may generate, use, and disclose de-identified information to recommend
content or services relating to school purposes or other educational or
employment purposes, as well as for development, research and improvement of our
services. In addition, we may use de-identified information for the development
and improvement of other educational sites, services and applications or
technologies more generally to the extent permitted under applicable law.
"De-identified information" means data from which all personally identifiable
information has been removed or obscured so that the remaining information does
not reasonably identify an individual and there is no reasonable basis to
believe that the information can be used to identify an individual.

#### How We Retain Student Data

We will not knowingly retain Student Data beyond the time period required to
support an educational purpose, unless authorized by the Educational
Institution.

Please note: Educational Institutions and their Users are responsible for
managing Student Data which they no longer need for an educational purpose by
deleting Student Data or submitting an account deletion request.

If you are using our services on behalf of an Educational Institutions and wish
to access Student Data, delete Student Data, or close your account, please
utilize the content management tools made available to all users or contact us
at privacy@edthena.com.

#### Questions About Student Data

If you are a parent or guardian and have questions about specific practices
relating to Student Data provided to processed by R3 Collaborative by or on
behalf of an Educational Institution, please direct your questions to your
Educational Institution.

### 9. Our Privacy Policy Will Change Over Time

R3 Collaboratives may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we make
any changes to this Policy, we will change the "effective date" below and will
post the updated Policy on this page. We will use our best efforts to provide at
least 30 days-notice of a Privacy Policy change that may involve collecting,
using, storing, or sharing personal information in a materially different way
than was disclosed in our previous Privacy Policy, so that you have sufficient
time to evaluate the change in practice. If you do not choose to accept the
changes, you may opt-out by deleting your account before the changes take
effect. Continuing to use our Service after the effective date of the revised
Privacy Policy means that you consent to the changes.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not make any material changes to this
Privacy Policy that relate to the collection or use of Student Data without
first giving notice to the educational institution, via email or another
notification method of our choosing, and providing a choice before Student Data
is used in a materially different manner than was disclosed when the information
was collected.

### 10. Contact Us

We welcome your feedback. If you have any comments or concerns about this
privacy policy or would like to contact us for any reason, you may reach us at
privacy@edthena.com.

Effective Date: October 6, 2025.
