# TERMS OF SERVICE

Welcome to Edthena! These Terms of Service of R3 Collaboratives, Inc. (these
"**Terms**") govern all use of the "Edthena" application and online services
("**App**"), the Ai Coach by Edthena application and online services ("**AI
Coach**"), the website located at app.edthena.com or any other websites we own
or operate ("**Site**"), and our downloadable software provided on or in
connection with the foregoing ("**Software**") (collectively, our
"**Service**"). Our Service is owned and operated by R3 Collaboratives, Inc.
("**we**", "**our**", "**us**", or "**R3 Collaboratives**"). Users of our
Service include without limitation: (i) schools, school districts, universities
and other organizations ("**Subscribers**") who make our Service available to
their users; (ii) a Subscriber's employees, consultants, contractors, customers,
agents and any other User accessing and using our Service on behalf of a
Subscriber and (iii) any other visitors, users, and others who access our
Service (collectively, "**Users**"). We reserve the right, at our sole
discretion, to modify or replace any of the terms or conditions of these Terms
as provided herein. These Terms apply to all Users.

Our Service is offered subject to your acceptance, without modification, of all
of these Terms and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may
be published from time to time on the Site by R3 Collaboratives.

BY USING OR ACCESSING ANY PART OF OUR SERVICE, BY CLICKING A BUTTON OR CHECKING
A BOX MARKED "I AGREE" (OR SOMETHING SIMILAR), OR EXECUTING AN ORDER (DEFINED
BELOW), YOU (THE "**USER**" OR "**YOU**") SIGNIFY THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD
AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN; AND
TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION AS SET FORTH IN OUR PRIVACY
POLICY, LOCATED ATÂ https://www.edthena.com/privacy, WHETHER OR NOT YOU ARE A
REGISTERED USER OF OUR SERVICE. IF YOU NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE OR ACCESS OUR
SERVICE.

**Please read these Terms carefully to ensure that you understand each
provision. These Terms contain a mandatory individual arbitration in Section
16.2 (the "Arbitration Agreement") and class action/jury trial waiver provision
in Section 16.3 (the "Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver") that require, with only
specified exceptions in Sections 16.1 and 16.2 or unless you opt out pursuant to
the instructions in Section 16.2, the exclusive use of final and binding
arbitration on an individual basis only to resolve disputes, rather than jury
trials or class, collective, private attorney general or representative actions
or proceedings.**

## 1. ACCESS

**1.1 Eligibility.** This is a contract between you and R3 Collaboratives. You
must read and agree to these Terms before using our Service. You may use our
Service only if you can form a binding contract with R3 Collaboratives, and only
in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and
international laws, rules and regulations. Any use or access to our Service by
anyone under 13 is strictly prohibited and in violation of these Terms. Our
Service is not available to any Users previously removed from our Service by R3
Collaboratives.

User certifies to R3 Collaboratives that if User is an individual (i.e., not a
corporation) User is at least 18 years of age. User also certifies that User is
legally permitted to use our Service and takes full responsibility for the
selection and use of our Service. These Terms are void where prohibited by law,
and the right to access our Service is revoked in such jurisdictions.

**1.2 Limited License.** Subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms, you
are hereby granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, freely revocable license
to use our Service solely for User's own personal use, and not for the use or
benefit of any third party, and solely as permitted by the features of our
Service. R3 Collaboratives reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in
our Service and the R3 Collaboratives Content (as defined below). R3
Collaboratives may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no
reason.

**1.3 User Accounts.** Your account on our Service (your "**User Account**")
gives you access to the service and functionality that we may establish and
maintain from time to time and in our sole discretion. We may maintain different
types of User Accounts for different types of Users and different types of
Services. If you open an account or place an Order on behalf of a Subscriber,
organization, or other legal entity, then (i) "you" and "your" includes you,
that Subscriber, and any and all authorized Users and (ii) you represent and
warrant that you are an authorized representative of the Subscriber with the
authority to bind the Subscriber to these Terms, and that you agree to these
Terms on the Subscriber's behalf. You further acknowledge and agree that if you
are opening an account or otherwise using our Service as or on behalf of a
Subscriber, your employees, consultants, contractors, customers, agents and any
other User authorized to use our Service in connection with your or your
Subscriber's account must create their own accounts and must separately agree to
be bound by these Terms. By connecting to our Service with a third-party
service, you give us permission to access and use your information from that
service as permitted by that service, and to store your log-in credentials for
that service.

You may never use another User's User Account without permission. When creating
your User Account, you must provide accurate and complete information, and you
must keep this information up to date. You are solely responsible for the
activity that occurs on your User Account, and you must keep your User Account
password secure. We encourage you to use "strong" passwords with your User
Account. You must notify R3 Collaboratives immediately of any breach of security
or unauthorized use of your User Account. R3 Collaboratives will not be liable
for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your User Account. R3
Collaboratives reserves the right, in its discretion, to cancel or refuse
registration of an R3 Collaboratives User ID. User shall be responsible for
maintaining the confidentiality of User's R3 Collaboratives password and other
account information.

If you access our Service via a tokenized URL or other method as provided by R3
Collaboratives, you agree only to access such URL or other method if you were
the intended recipient and you shall not share your access with any third party.

You may control your User profile and how you interact with our Service by
changing the settings in your settings page. By providing R3 Collaboratives your
email address you consent to our using the email address to send you
Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of
communication by postal mail. We may also use your email address to send you
other messages, such as changes to features of our Service and special offers.
If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out using the
unsubscribe link on any such email messages. Opting out may prevent you from
receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers.

## 2. SERVICE CONTENT

Except for your User Content (defined below), our Service and all content and
materials therein or transferred thereby, including, without limitation,
software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks,
service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music, and User Content
belonging to other Users (collectively, the "**R3 Collaboratives Content**") and
all intellectual property rights related thereto, are the exclusive property of
R3 Collaboratives and its licensors (including other Users who post User Content
to our Service). You acknowledge and agree that R3 Collaboratives is the sole
and exclusive owner of, and you shall and hereby do assign to R3 Collaboratives,
all right, title and interest (including Intellectual Property Rights) in and to
any and all improvements or enhancements to our Service, including improvements
based on the use of User Content or personal information submitted, provided or
made available by you pursuant to this Agreement (for example, Intellectual
Property rights in algorithms or models developed through the processing of such
data), provided by you retain all rights to User Content and personal
information.

Except as explicitly provided herein, nothing in these Terms shall be deemed to
create a license in or under any such Intellectual Property Rights (as defined
below), and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy,
reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or
create derivative works from any R3 Collaboratives Content. However, User may
print or download a reasonable number of copies of such materials or content for
User's own informational purposes; provided, that User retain all copyright and
other proprietary notices contained therein. Use of the R3 Collaboratives
Content for any purpose not expressly permitted by these Terms is strictly
prohibited. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

You may choose to or we may invite you to submit comments or ideas about our
Service, including without limitation about how to improve our Service or our
products ("**Ideas**"). By submitting any Idea, you agree that your disclosure
is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place R3
Collaboratives under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to
use the Idea without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the
Idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone. You further acknowledge
that, by acceptance of your submission, R3 Collaboratives does not waive any
rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to R3 Collaboratives, or
developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you.

## 3. USER CONTENT

As between us and you, you (or your licensors) will own any and all information,
data, and other content, in any form or medium, that is collected, downloaded,
or otherwise received, directly or indirectly, from you (or on your behalf) by
or through our Service ("**User Content**"). For an organizational account, we
may assume, in our reasonable discretion, that User Content belongs to that
organization.

We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any User Content that you
or any other User or third-party posts, sends, or otherwise makes available over
our Service. User shall be solely responsible for User's User Content and the
consequences of posting, publishing it, sharing it, or otherwise making it
available on our Service, and you agree that we are only acting as a passive
conduit for your online distribution and publication of User Content. You
understand and agree that on our Service you may be exposed to content that is
inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited to
your purpose, and you agree that we shall not be liable for any damages you
allege to incur as a result of or relating to any content accessed on or through
our Service.

We claim no ownership rights over User Content created by you. The User Content
you create remains yours. However, you understand that certain portions of our
Service may allow other Users to view, edit, share, and/or otherwise interact
with your User Content. By providing or sharing User Content through our
Service, you agree to allow others to view, edit, share, and/or interact with
your User Content in accordance with your settings and these Terms. R3
Collaboratives has the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to
remove any User Content that is shared via our Service. You hereby grant each
User a non-exclusive license to access User Content through our Service, and to
use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform User Content, which you make
available to such User through our Service.

You further grant, and you represent and warrant that you have all rights
necessary to grant, to R3 Collaboratives an irrevocable, worldwide,
non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable (through
multiple tiers) and transferable right and license to use, copy, store, modify,
distribute, display, User Content: (a) to maintain and provide our Service; (b)
maintaining, supporting, evaluating, diagnosing and improving our Service
(including without limitation, to train, develop and improve machine learning,
other artificial intelligence algorithms and other models), (c) for our other
business purposes, such as data analysis, customer research, developing new
products or features, and identifying usage trends; and (d) to perform such
other actions as described in our Privacy Policy or as authorized by you in
connection with your use of our Service.

Except as necessary to exercise the rights and obligations of R3 Collaboratives
expressly granted under these Terms, User Content may be withdrawn by written
request toÂ support@edthena.comÂ to delete content and terminate User's account.
Deletion requests for User Content provided under a license offered by an
Educational Institution, employer, or other enterprise must be authorized by the
enterprise account holder. We may not be able to delete comments or feedback you
leave for other Users or other User Content.

For the purposes of these Terms, "**Intellectual Property Rights**" means all
patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of
publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade
secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or
hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations,
renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state, country, territory
or other jurisdiction.

In connection with User's User Content, User affirms, represents, and warrants
that: (i) User has obtained and are solely responsible for obtaining all
consents as may be required by law to post any User Content relating to third
parties; (ii) User has the written consent of each and every identifiable
natural person in the User Content, if any, to use such person's name or
likeness in the manner contemplated by our Service and these Terms, and each
such person has released you from any liability that may arise in relation to
such use; (iii) to the extent that User Content contains information that may be
subject to privacy laws, including and not limited to the Family Education
Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
(COPPA), and state student data privacy laws, User is solely responsible for
assuring compliance with such laws, including providing notice and obtaining all
necessary consents to share the personal information contained in the User
Content with R3 Collaboratives and/or with any other User of our Service; (iv)
User Content and R3 Collaboratives' use thereof as contemplated by these Terms
and our Service will not violate any law or infringe any rights of any third
party, including but not limited to any Intellectual Property Rights and privacy
rights; (v) User Content does not include any information or material that a
governmental body deems to be sensitive or classified information, and by
providing User Content to or through our Service, you are not violating the
confidentiality rights of any third party; and (vi) R3 Collaboratives may
exercise the rights to User Content granted under these Terms without liability
for payment of any guild fees, residuals, payments, fees, or royalties payable
under any collective bargaining agreement or otherwise. If you are located
outside the United States, you are required to comply with these Terms and all
regulations and laws governing the privacy of children and children's Personal
Information in your territory. You represent and warrant that you are in
compliance with all applicable data protection laws governing the protection of
Personal Information and the sharing of student education records. User agrees
to pay all royalties, fees, and other monies owing any person or entity by
reason of any content posted by User to or through our Service.

User further agrees that User will not: (i) publish falsehoods or
misrepresentations that could damage R3 Collaboratives or any third party; (ii)
submit material that is unlawful, obscene, lewd, defamatory, libelous,
threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive,
excessively violent, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal
offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise
inappropriate or objectionable; (iii) post advertisements or solicitations of
business; (iv) impersonate another person, including by using another User's
account; (v) submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or
otherwise subject to third party intellectual property or proprietary or other
rights, including privacy and publicity right, unless you are the owner of such
rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to
grant R3 Collaboratives and other Users all of the license rights granted
herein; (vi) submit material that is unsuitable for minors in any country or
seeks to harm or exploit children by exposing them to inappropriate content,
asking for personally identifiable details, distributing their name, image or
likeness without consent, or otherwise; (vii) post User Content that may create
a risk of harm, loss, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death,
disability, disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to you, to any other
person, or to any animal; (viii) post User Content that may create a risk of any
other loss or damage to any person or property; (ix) post User Content that
contain any information or content that you know is not correct and current; or
(x) post User Content that violate any school or other applicable policy,
including those related to cheating or ethics.

R3 Collaboratives does not endorse any User Content or any opinion,
recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and R3 Collaboratives expressly
disclaims any and all responsibility or liability in connection with User
Content. R3 Collaboratives reserves the right to, in its sole discretion, remove
any User Content at any time (with or without notice).

## 4. SOFTWARE

With respect to any video management software that User is authorized by R3
Collaboratives to download via our Service, R3 Collaboratives grants User a
personal, nontransferable, nonsublicensable, nonexclusive license to use such
software solely for compressing and uploading videos to User's website for
non-commercial purposes. For avoidance of doubt, such software shall be
considered "Software" hereunder. In addition to any other restrictions on our
Service, User shall not, nor permit anyone else to, directly or indirectly: (i)
copy, modify, or distribute the Software; (ii) reverse engineer, disassemble,
decompile or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or structure,
sequence and organization of all or any part of the Software (except that this
restriction shall not apply to the limited extent restrictions on reverse
engineering prohibited by applicable local law); (iii) rent, lease, or use the
Software for timesharing or service bureau purposes, or otherwise use such
software for any commercial purpose; (iv) remove, modify, or obscure any
legends, trademarks, copyright notices or other proprietary rights notices
contained on or in the Software; or (v) sell, resell, lease, license,
sublicense, rent, distribute disclose or encumber the Software. Source code for
parts of the Software may be available for use, modification and distribution
under open source licenses, which, if any, can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html. Nothing in these Terms
will be construed to limit any rights granted under such open source licenses
(if any). These Terms does not entitle User to any support, upgrades, patches,
enhancements or fixes for the Software.

## 5. RESTRICTIONS

Users shall not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider" or other
automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or
equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of
our Service or any R3 Collaboratives Content, or in any way reproduce or
circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of our Service or any R3
Collaboratives Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents
or information through any means not purposely made available through our
Service. R3 Collaboratives reserves the right to bar any such activity.

Users shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of
our Service, or any other systems or networks connected to our Service or to any
R3 Collaboratives server, or to any of the services offered on or through our
Service, by hacking, password "mining", or any other illegitimate means.

Users shall not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of our Service or any
network connected to our Service, nor breach the security or authentication
measures on our Service or any network connected to our Service. User shall not
reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or
visitor to our Service, or any other customer of R3 Collaboratives, including
any R3 Collaboratives account not owned by User, to its source, or exploit our
Service or any service or information made available or offered by or through
our Service, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information,
including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than
User's own information, as provided for by our Service.

Users shall not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or
disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of our Service or R3
Collaboratives' systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to our
Service or to R3 Collaboratives.

Users shall not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to
interfere with the proper working of our Service or any transaction being
conducted on our Service, or with any other person's use of our Service.

Users shall not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to
disguise the origin of any message or transmittal User sends to R3
Collaboratives on or through our Service. User shall not, in connection with our
Service, pretend (e.g. through impersonation) that User is any other individual
or entity.

Users shall not use our Service or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful
or prohibited by these Terms, or that infringes the rights of R3 Collaboratives
or others.

Additionally, Users shall not engage in any of the following prohibited
activities: (i) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents
through our Service; (ii) collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable
information, including account names, from our Service; (iii) using our Service
for any commercial solicitation purposes; (iv) impersonating another person or
otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting
fraud, hiding or attempting to hide your identity; or (v) copying, distributing,
or disclosing any part of our Service in any medium, including without
limitation by any automated or non-automated "scraping".

## 6. THIRD PARTY SITES

Our Service may contain links to third-party materials that are not owned or
controlled by R3 Collaboratives. R3 Collaboratives does not endorse or assume
any responsibility for any such third-party sites, information, materials,
products, or services. If you access a third-party website or service from our
Service or share your User content on or through any third-party website or
service, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that these Terms and our
Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such sites. You expressly relieve R3
Collaboratives from any and all liability arising from your use of any
third-party website, service, or content, including without limitation User
Content submitted by other Users. Additionally, your dealings with or
participation in promotions of advertisers found on our Service, including
payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms (such as warranties) are
solely between you and such advertisers. You further acknowledge and agree that
R3 Collaboratives shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly,
for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with
the use of or reliance on any content, goods, information, or services available
on or through any such website or resource.

## 7. INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless R3 Collaboratives and its
subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and
their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against
any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt,
and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i)
your use of and access to our Service, including any data or content transmitted
or received by you; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms, including
without limitation your breach of any of the representations and warranties
above; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without
limitation any right of privacy or Intellectual Property Rights; (iv) your
violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation; (v) User Content or any
content that is submitted via your User Account including without limitation
misleading, false, or inaccurate information; (vi) your willful misconduct; or
(vii) any other party's access and use of our Service with your unique username,
password or other appropriate security code.

## 8. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

OUR SERVICE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE SITE AND APP AND ANY SOFTWARE)
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" OR "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, OUR SERVICE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY
YOU FROM R3 COLLABORATIVES OR THROUGH OUR SERVICE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT
EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, R3 COLLABORATIVES, OUR
SUBSIDIARIES, OUR AFFILIATES, AND OUR LICENSORS DO NOT WARRANT THAT ANY CONTENT
ON OUR SERVICE IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR CORRECT; THAT OUR SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR
REQUIREMENTS, THAT OUR SERVICE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR
LOCATION, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE; THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED;
OR THAT OUR SERVICE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU WILL BE
SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE OR
LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICE OR ANY DOWNLOAD OF
CONTENT THROUGH THE USE OF OUR SERVICE. YOU MAY HAVE OTHER STATUTORY RIGHTS, BUT
THE DURATION OF STATUTORILY REQUIRED WARRANTIES, IF ANY, WILL BE LIMITED TO THE
SHORTEST PERIOD PERMITTED BY LAW.

FURTHER, R3 COLLABORATIVES DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY
THROUGH OUR SERVICE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR SERVICE, AND R3 COLLABORATIVES
WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY MONITOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND
THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.

FEDERAL LAW, SOME STATES, PROVINCES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS OF CERTAIN IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS
MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THESE TERMS GIVE YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY
ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. THE DISCLAIMERS AND
EXCLUSIONS UNDER THESE TERMS WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY
APPLICABLE LAW.

## 9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL R3
COLLABORATIVES, OUR AFFILIATES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS (OR OUR OR THEIR
EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS) BE LIABLE FOR ANY
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER
INTANGIBLE LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO
USE, OUR SERVICE. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL R3 COLLABORATIVES BE RESPONSIBLE
FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS OR INJURY RESULTING FROM HACKING, TAMPERING OR OTHER
UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OF OUR SERVICE OR YOUR ACCOUNT OR THE INFORMATION
CONTAINED THEREIN.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR
RESPONSIBILITY FOR (I) ANY ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT; (II)
ANY PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM
YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVICE; (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF
OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN; (IV)
ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR
THROUGH OUR SERVICE BY ANY THIRD PARTY; (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY
CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT
POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH OUR SERVICE;
AND/OR (VI) YOUR DATA OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY
THIRD PARTY.

IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR AFFILIATES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS (OR OUR OR
THEIR EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS) BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR ANY CLAIMS, PROCEEDINGS, LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS, DAMAGES, LOSSES OR COSTS
IN AN AMOUNT IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) OF THE GREATER OF (A) $500.00
(U.S.) OR (B) THE FEES PAID BY YOU TO R3 COLLABORATIVES HEREUNDER.

THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SECTION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS
BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN
IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO
YOU. THESE TERMS GIVE YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER
RIGHTS WHICH VARY BY JURISDICTION. THE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, AND LIMITATIONS
OF LIABILITY UNDER THESE TERMS WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY
APPLICABLE LAW.

## 10. FEES AND PAYMENT

**10.1 Fees.** Some features of our Service may require payment of fees. User
shall pay (or shall have paid on User's behalf) all applicable fees, as
described on the Site in connection with such for-fee services purchased by
User. If you are a Subscriber and have executed an Order with R3 Collaboratives,
you shall pay the applicable fees according to the payment terms set forth in
the applicable Order. R3 Collaboratives reserves the right to change its prices
and to institute new charges at any time, upon ninety (90) days' prior notice to
User, which may be sent by email or posted on the Site. All fees paid hereunder
are non-refundable. An "Order" means R3 Collaboratives' approved ordering
document or process describing the products and services you are ordering from
R3 Collaboratives. As applicable, the Order will identify: (i) our Service, (ii)
the number and type of Users, (iii) the Pilot and/or Service Term (collectively,
the "**Term**"), and (iv) (for paid Orders) the amount or rate you will be
charged, the billing and renewal terms, applicable currency, and form of
payment.

**10.2 Payment Information.** All information that you provide in connection
with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with
our Service must be accurate, complete, and current. You agree to pay all
charges incurred by users of your credit card, debit card, or other payment
method used in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary
transaction interaction with our Service at the prices in effect when such
charges are incurred. You will pay any applicable taxes, if any, relating to any
such purchases, transactions or other monetary transaction interactions.

**10.3 California Residents.** The provider of the services is set forth herein.
If you are a California resident, in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code Â§1789.3, you
may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of
Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting
them in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112 Sacramento, CA 95834, or
by telephone at (800) 952-5210 or (916) 445-1254.

## 11. TERMINATION

R3 Collaboratives may terminate User's access to all or any part of our Service
at any time, with or without cause, effective upon notice thereof to User
(provided that, if R3 Collaboratives determines there may be an immediate threat
to R3 Collaboratives, our Services or any Users of our Services, as determined
by R3 Collaboratives in its sole and absolute discretion, R3 Collaboratives may
terminate such access without notice). Upon termination notice from R3
Collaboratives, User will (i) no longer access (or attempt to access) our
Service and (ii) delete all software (and copies thereof) provided in connection
with our Service. All provisions of these Terms that by their nature should
survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation,
ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers and limitations of liability.

## 12. MOBILE DEVICE TERMS

**12.1 Mobile Applications.** We may make available software to access our
Service via a compatible mobile device (the "**App**"). You may incur mobile
data charges from your wireless provider in connection with the App, and you
agree that you are solely responsible for any such charges. We grant you a
non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use a compiled code copy
of the App for your User Account on one or more mobile devices owned or leased
solely by you, solely in accordance with these Terms. You acknowledge that we
may from time to time issue upgraded versions of the App and may automatically
electronically upgrade the version of the App that you are using on your mobile
device. You consent to such automatic upgrading on your mobile device and agree
that the terms and conditions of these Terms will apply to all such upgrades.
Any third-party code that may be incorporated in the App is covered by the
applicable open source or third-party license EULA, if any, authorizing use of
such code. The foregoing license grant is not a sale of the App or any copy
thereof. We or our third-party partners or suppliers retain all right, title,
and interest in the App (and any copy thereof). Any attempt by you to transfer
any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder, except as expressly provided
for in these Terms, is void.

**12.2 App from The App Store.** The following applies to any App you acquire
from the Apple App Store ("**Apple-Sourced Software**"): You acknowledge that
these Terms are solely between you and R3 Collaboratives only, and not with
Apple, Inc. ("**Apple**"), and that Apple is not responsible for the
Apple-Sourced Software or any content thereof. Your use of the Apple-Sourced
Software must comply with the App Store Terms of Service. You acknowledge that
Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support
services with respect to the Apple-Sourced Software. In the event of any failure
of the Apple-Sourced Software to conform to any applicable warranty, you may
notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Apple-Sourced
Software to you; to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will
have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Apple-Sourced
Software, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses
attributable to any failure to any warranty will be solely governed by these
Terms and any law applicable to R3 Collaboratives as provider of the software.
You acknowledge and agree that Apple is not responsible for addressing any
claims of you or any third party relating to the Apple-Sourced Software or your
possession and/or use of the Apple-Sourced Software, including, but not limited
to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Apple-Sourced Software
fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii)
claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation; and all such
claims are governed solely by these Terms and any law applicable to R3
Collaboratives as provider of the software. You acknowledge that, in the event
of any third party claim that the Apple-Sourced Software or your possession and
use of that Apple-Sourced Software infringes that third party's Intellectual
Property Rights, R3 Collaboratives, and not Apple, will be responsible for the
investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual
property infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms. You and R3
Collaboratives acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are
third-party beneficiaries of these Terms as relates to your license of the
Apple-Sourced Software, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and
conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have
accepted the right) to enforce these Terms as relates to your license of the
Apple-Sourced Software against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.

**12.3 App from Google Play Store.** The following applies to any App you
acquire from the Google Play Store ("**Google-Sourced Software**"): (i) you
acknowledge that these Terms are between you and R3 Collaboratives only, and not
with Google, Inc. ("**Google**"); (ii) your use of Google-Sourced Software must
comply with Google's then-current Google Play Store Terms of Service; (iii)
Google is only a provider of the Google Play Store where you obtained the
Google-Sourced Software; (iv) R3 Collaboratives, and not Google, is solely
responsible for its Google-Sourced Software; (v) Google has no obligation or
liability to you with respect to Google-Sourced Software or these Terms; and
(vi) you acknowledge and agree that Google is a third-party beneficiary to these
Terms as it relates to R3 Collaboratives' Google-Sourced Software.

## 13. EXPORT AND TRADE CONTROLS

Our Service is controlled and operated from facilities in the United States. R3
Collaboratives makes no representations that our Service is appropriate or
available for use in other locations. Those who access or use our Service from
other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible for
compliance with all applicable United States and local laws and regulations,
including but not limited to export and import regulations. You may not use our
Service if you are a resident of a country embargoed by the United States, or
are a foreign person or entity blocked or denied by the United States
government. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all materials found on our
Service are solely directed to individuals, companies, or other entities located
in the United States.

## 14. PRIVACY; PERSONAL INFORMATION AND STUDENT DATA

**14.1 Privacy Policy.** You understand that by using our Service you consent to
the collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information
and aggregate and/or anonymized data as set forth in R3 Collaboratives' current
privacy policy, which is available atÂ https://www.edthena.com/privacy (the
"**Privacy Policy**") and is incorporated herein by this reference.

**14.2 Student Data.** To the extent that our Service is used by a College,
University, local education agency, teacher, or other educational institution
("**Educational Institution**") (a) and its students as part of school
curriculum (e.g., a teacher training program in a University, or (b) by teachers
as part of a teachers improvement program, the Personal Information we collect
through our Service may include personal information from "educational records"
as defined by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("**FERPA**"), 20
U.S.C. Â§ 1232(g) ("**Student Data**").

**14.3 Confidentiality.** R3 Collaboratives agrees to treat Student Data as
confidential and not to share it with third parties other than as described in
these Terms, and in our [Privacy Policy](privacy.md).

**14.4 Student Data Access.** To the extent that we collect Student Data through
the provision of our Service, we may access, collect and process Student Data as
a School Official with a legitimate educational interest pursuant to FERPA 34
CFR Part 99.31(a)(1). You agree that when R3 Collaboratives is acting as a
School Official, as between the parties, the Educational Institution or
authorized User of that Educational Institution owns and controls all Student
Data.

**14.5 Personal Information and Student Data Consents and Authority.** To the
extent applicable, you represent and warrant that you have the requisite consent
and authority to provide Student Data, to R3 Collaboratives, or to authorize R3
Collaboratives to collect Student Data through our Service. To the extent that
R3 Collaboratives collects Student Data, R3 Collaboratives and the Educational
Institution, each agree to uphold their responsibilities under laws governing
Personal Information and Student Data, including in the U.S. the Family
Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("**FERPA**"), the Protection of Pupil Rights
Amendment (PPRA), and the Children's Online Privacy and Protection Act
("**COPPA**") and State laws, as applicable.

**14.6. Personal Information of Non-Users, Which Could Include K12 Students.**
Through the course of providing our Services, it is possible that our Users
submit User Content that contain personal information of individuals that are
not Users of this Service and who are not covered under Agreements with R3
Collaboratives. For example, if a User who is a student-teacher in a University
program records video of her work in a classroom at a local K12 school, the
video may contain images of children, teachers, or other individuals who are not
covered by the Agreement between R3 Collaboratives and the student-teacher's
University. To the extent that you provide personal information of non-users in
User Content, including the personal information of K12 students, you represent
and warrant that you comply with all the provisions of Section 3 User Content,
above, and have all necessary rights to provide that information to R3
Collaboratives. We rely on each User to ensure that appropriate disclosures and
consents are obtained, if necessary, to provide content contained in User
Content to R3 Collaboratives.

The Children's Online Privacy and Protection Act ("**COPPA**") requires that
online service providers obtain parental consent before collecting personal
information from children under 13. R3 Collaboratives does not intentionally
collect personal information from a child under 13. If you provide in User
Content information collected from a student under 13, you represent and warrant
that you are the student's school or teacher and have received consent from
parents, or have the authority to provide consent on behalf of parents, for us
to collect information from the students before providing User Content of a
child under 13 to our Service. We recommend that all schools and teachers
provide appropriate disclosures to students and parents regarding their use of
service providers such as R3 Collaboratives and that they provide a copy of our
Privacy Policy to parents and guardians.

**14.7 User-Requested Third-Party Access.** R3 Collaboratives may provide users
the ability to use and access third-party services through our Service, and to
share data, including Student Data if applicable, with third-parties through our
Service. If explicitly instructed by you, by the Educational Institution or by
another User authorized to provide such consent, you agree to allow us to
provide access to data, including Student Data, to third parties through our
Service. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the data practices of
third parties with whom you or your authorized Users elect to share Student
Data, and that, as between us, you are solely responsible for the consequences
of providing or transmitting data, including Student Data, to such third parties
through our Service.

**14.8 Data Retention and Deletion Requests.** You may request that we delete
your personal information in our possession at any time as set forth in our
Privacy Policy. If your account is utilizing a license provided by an
Educational Institution or enterprise, the licensee may be required to authorize
the deletion request. To contact us about deleting or de-identifying your
account information, provide a written request toÂ support@edthena.com, and we
shall respond to the request within thirty (30) days. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, we may not be able to delete all information contained on our
Service, for example, if such information is part of another User's User
Content.

**14.9 Data Localization.** You acknowledge and agree that R3 Collaboratives
will store and process Personal Information in various data centers around the
world, including in the U.S., and that your Personal Information may not be
stored or processed only within the country in which it was collected unless and
except to the extent required by Law. If you are an Educational Institution or
teacher, you warrant and agree that you have obtained all necessary consents for
R3 Collaboratives to process such Personal Information in the U.S. and elsewhere
in the world.

**14.10 Security, Access and Support; Data Breach Notification.** We have
implemented commercially reasonable administrative, physical and technical
safeguards designed to secure Personal Information, including Student Data, from
unauthorized access, disclosure and use. In the event we have a reasonable, good
faith belief that an unauthorized party has gained access to or been disclosed
Student Data that we have collected or received through our Service, we will
promptly notify the Educational Institution. If Personal Information, including
Student Data, is acquired by an unauthorized party and such incident triggers
any third-party notice requirements under applicable privacy laws, the
Educational Institution shall be responsible for the timing, content and method
of notice and for compliance with such laws for Users associated with the
Educational Institution. R3 Collaboratives shall be responsible for the timing,
content, cost and method of notice and compliance with such laws as they relate
to Users that are not associated with an Educational Institution.

We will not be liable if for any reason our Service (or any part of it) is
unavailable at any time or for any period. Additionally, access to our Service
may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure,
maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond our control. Additionally, access to
the internet, if employed, is your sole responsibility and the responsibility of
the Internet provider(s) you select. R3 Collaboratives does not accept any
responsibility for failure of our Service due to Internet facilities.

## 15. MEMBER DISPUTES

User is solely responsible for your interactions with other Service users. R3
Collaboratives reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes
between User and other Service users. If User has a dispute with one or more
users of our Service, User shall and hereby does release R3 Collaboratives (and
its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees)
from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and
nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such
disputes. If User is a California resident, User waives California Civil Code
Â§1542, which states: "A general release does not extend to claims which the
creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing
the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement
with the debtor."

## 16. GOVERNING LAW, ARBITRATION, AND CLASS ACTION/JURY TRIAL WAIVER

**16.1 Governing Law.** You agree that: (i) we will be deemed solely based in
the State of California; and (ii) our Service will be deemed a passive one that
does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over us, either specific or general,
in jurisdictions other than California. These Terms will be governed by the
internal substantive laws of California, without respect to its conflict of laws
principles. The parties acknowledge that these Terms evidence a transaction
involving interstate commerce. Notwithstanding the preceding sentences with
respect to the substantive law, the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. Â§Â§ 1-16)
("**FAA**") governs the interpretation and enforcement of the Arbitration
Agreement in Section 16.2 and preempts all state laws to the fullest extent
permitted by law. If the FAA is determined to not apply to any issue that arises
from or relates to the Arbitration Agreement, then that issue shall be resolved
under and governed by the law of your state of residence. The application of the
United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is
expressly excluded. You agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction
of the federal and state courts located in San Francisco, California for any
actions for which we retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable
relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened
infringement, misappropriation or violation of a our copyrights, trademarks,
trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights, as
set forth in the Arbitration Agreement below, including any provisional relief
required to prevent irreparable harm. You agree that San Francisco, California
is the proper and exclusive forum for any appeals of an arbitration award or for
trial court proceedings in the event that the arbitration provision below is
found to be unenforceable.

**16.2 Arbitration.** **READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES THE
PARTIES TO ARBITRATE THEIR DISPUTES AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK
RELIEF FROM US.** This section 16.2 (the "**Arbitration Agreement**") applies to
and governs any dispute, controversy, or claim between you and us that arises
out of or relates to, directly or indirectly: (a) these Terms, including the
formation, existence, breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation,
validity, or enforceability thereof; (b) access to or use of our Service,
including receipt of any advertising, marketing, or other communications from
us; (c) any transactions through, by, or using our Service; or (d) any other
aspect of your relationship or transactions with us, directly or indirectly, as
a user or consumer ("**Claim**" or collectively, "**Claims**"). The Arbitration
Agreement shall apply, without limitation, to all Claims that arose or were
asserted before or after your consent to these Terms.

If you are a new User, you can reject and opt-out of this Arbitration Agreement
within thirty (30) days of accepting these Terms by emailing us at
support@edthena.com with your first and last name and stating your intent to
opt-out of the Arbitration Agreement. Opting out of this Arbitration Agreement
does not affect the binding nature of any other part of these Terms, including
the provisions regarding controlling law or in which courts any disputes must be
brought.

For any Claim, you agree to first contact us at support@edthena.com and attempt
to resolve the dispute with us informally. In the unlikely event that we have
not been able to resolve a Claim after sixty (60) days, we each agree to resolve
any Claim through binding arbitration by JAMS, under the Optional Expedited
Arbitration Procedures then in effect for JAMS (the "**Rules**"), except as
provided herein. JAMS may be contacted at www.jamsadr.com, where the Rules are
available. In the event of any conflict between the Rules and this Arbitration
Agreement, the Arbitration Agreement shall control. The arbitration will be
conducted in the U.S. county where you live or San Francisco, California, unless
you and we agree otherwise. If you are using our Service for commercial
purposes, each party will be responsible for paying any JAMS filing,
administrative and arbitrator fees in accordance with JAMS rules, and the award
rendered by the arbitrator will include costs of arbitration, reasonable
attorneys' fees and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses. If you are
an individual using our Service for non-commercial purposes: (i) JAMS may
require you to pay a fee for the initiation of your case, unless you apply for
and successfully obtain a fee waiver from JAMS; (ii) the award rendered by the
arbitrator may include your costs of arbitration, your reasonable attorney's
fees, and your reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses; and (iii) you
may sue in a small claims court of competent jurisdiction without first engaging
in arbitration, but this does not absolve you of your commitment to engage in
the informal dispute resolution process. Any judgment on the award rendered by
the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. You and we
agree that the arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency,
shall have exclusive authority to resolve any disputes relating to the
interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Arbitration
Agreement, including any claim that all or any part of this Arbitration
Agreement is void or voidable. The arbitrator shall also be responsible for
determining all threshold arbitrability issues, including issues relating to
whether these Terms, or any provision of these Terms, is unconscionable or
illusory or any defense to arbitration, including waiver, delay, laches,
unconscionability, or estoppel.

NOTHING IN THIS SECTION WILL BE DEEMED AS: PREVENTING US FROM SEEKING INJUNCTIVE
OR OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF FROM THE COURTS AS NECESSARY TO PREVENT THE ACTUAL OR
THREATENED INFRINGEMENT, MISAPPROPRIATION, OR VIOLATION OF OUR DATA SECURITY,
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS; OR PREVENTING YOU FROM
ASSERTING CLAIMS IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT, IF YOUR CLAIMS QUALIFY AND SO LONG AS
THE MATTER REMAINS IN SUCH COURT AND ADVANCES ON ONLY AN INDIVIDUAL (NON-CLASS,
NON-COLLECTIVE, AND NON-REPRESENTATIVE) BASIS.

If this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, unenforceable, or unlawful,
in whole or in part, the void, unenforceable, or unlawful provision, in whole or
in part, shall be severed. Severance of the void, unenforceable, or unlawful
provision, in whole or in part, shall have no impact on the remaining provisions
of the Arbitration Agreement, which shall remain in force, or the parties'
ability to compel arbitration of any remaining claims on an individual basis
pursuant to the Arbitration Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver is found to be void, unenforceable, or unlawful,
in whole or in part, because it would prevent you from seeking public injunctive
relief, then any dispute regarding the entitlement to such relief (and only that
relief) must be severed from arbitration and may be litigated in a civil court
of competent jurisdiction. All other claims for relief subject to arbitration
under this Arbitration Agreement shall be arbitrated under its terms, and the
parties agree that litigation of any dispute regarding the entitlement to public
injunctive relief shall be stayed pending the outcome of any individual claims
in arbitration.

**16.3 Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver.** WITH RESPECT TO ALL PERSONS AND
ENTITIES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THEY HAVE OBTAINED OR USED OUR SERVICE FOR
PERSONAL, COMMERCIAL OR OTHER PURPOSES, ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE
PARTIES' INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY
PURPORTED CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR
OTHER REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. THIS WAIVER APPLIES TO CLASS ARBITRATION, AND,
UNLESS WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE
PERSON'S CLAIMS. YOU AND WE AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF ONLY TO
AN INDIVIDUAL CLAIMANT AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF ON
INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S). ANY RELIEF AWARDED MAY NOT AFFECT OTHER USERS. YOU AND WE
AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND WE ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT
TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION,
PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND.

## 17. MISCELLANEOUS

**17.1 Assignability.** These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted
hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by R3
Collaboratives without restriction. Any attempted transfer or assignment in
violation hereof shall be null and void.

**17.2 Notification Procedures and Changes to the Terms.** R3 Collaboratives may
provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for
marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written
or hard copy notice, or through posting of such notice on our website, as
determined by R3 Collaboratives in our sole discretion. R3 Collaboratives
reserves the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to
our Users, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as
described in these Terms. R3 Collaboratives is not responsible for any automatic
filtering you or your network provider may apply to email notifications we send
to the email address you provide us. R3 Collaboratives may, in its sole
discretion, modify or update these Terms from time to time, and so you should
review this page periodically. When we change these Terms in a material manner,
we will update the 'last modified' date at the bottom of this page and notify
you that material changes have been made to these Terms. Your continued use of
our Service after any such change constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms
of Service. If you do not agree to any of these terms or any future Terms of
Service, do not use or access (or continue to access) our Service.

**17.3 Entire Agreement/Severability.** These terms, together with any
amendments and any additional agreements you may enter into with R3
Collaboratives in connection with our Service, shall constitute the entire
agreement between you and R3 Collaboratives concerning our Service. Except as
otherwise stated in Section 16.2, if any provision of these Terms is deemed
invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision
shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement
these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect.

**17.4 Independent Contractor.** No agency, partnership, joint venture, or
employment is created as a result of these Terms and User does not have any
authority of any kind to bind R3 Collaboratives in any respect whatsoever.

**17.5 No Waiver.** No waiver of any term of these Terms shall be deemed a
further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and R3
Collaboratives' failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement
shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

**17.6 Contact.** Please contact us at support@edthena.com with any questions
regarding these Terms.

## 18. DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT NOTICE

R3 Collaboratives has adopted the following general policy toward copyright
infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
("**DMCA**") (http://lcweb.loc.gov/copyright/legislation/dmca.pdf). The address
of R3 Collaboratives' Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed
Infringement ("**Designated Agent**") is listed at the end of this policy.

It is R3 Collaboratives' policy to (1) block access to or remove content that it
believes in good faith to be copyrighted material that has been illegally copied
and distributed by any of our advertisers, affiliates, content providers,
members or users; and (2) remove and discontinue service to repeat offenders.

### A. Procedure for Reporting Copyright Infringements:

If you believe that content residing on or accessible through the R3
Collaboratives Service infringes a copyright, please notify R3 Collaboratives'
Designated Agent listed below. For your complaint to be valid under the DMCA,
you must provide the following information in writing:

1. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of
   the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed;
2. Identification of copyrighted works or materials that you claim has been
   infringed;
3. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing including
   information regarding the location of the content that the copyright owner
   seeks to have removed, with sufficient detail so that R3 Collaboratives is
   capable of finding and verifying its existence;
4. Information reasonably sufficient to permit R3 Collaboratives to contact you,
   such as your address, telephone number and e-mail address;
5. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the
   manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or
   the law; and
6. A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information
   provided is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized
   to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner.

UNDER FEDERAL LAW, IF YOU KNOWINGLY MISREPRESENT THAT ONLINE MATERIAL IS
INFRINGING, YOU MAY BE SUBJECT TO CRIMINAL PROSECUTION FOR PERJURY AND CIVIL
PENALTIES, INCLUDING MONETARY DAMAGES, COURT COSTS, AND ATTORNEYS' FEES.

Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying R3 Collaboratives
and its affiliates that your copyrighted material has been infringed. The
preceding requirements are intended to comply with R3 Collaboratives' rights and
obligations under the DMCA, including 17 U.S.C. Â§512(c), but do not constitute
legal advice. It may be advisable to contact an attorney regarding your rights
and obligations under the DMCA and other applicable laws.

### B. Once Proper Bona Fide Infringement Notification is Received by the Designated Agent:

It is R3 Collaboratives' policy:

1. to remove or disable access to the infringing content;
2. to notify the content provider, member or user that it has removed or
   disabled access to the content;
3. that repeat offenders will have the infringing content removed from the
   system; and
4. to terminate such content provider's, member's or user's access to our
   Service.

### C. Procedure to Supply a Counter-Notice to the Designated Agent:

If the content provider, member or user believes that the content that was
removed or to which access was disabled is either not infringing, or the content
provider, member or user believes that it has the right to post and use such
content from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent or pursuant to the
law, the content provider, member or user must send a counter-notice containing
the following information to the Designated Agent listed below:

1. A physical or electronic signature of the content provider, member or user;
2. Identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has
   been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was
   removed or disabled;
3. A statement that the content provider, member or user has a good faith belief
   that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a
   misidentification of the content; and
4. Content provider's, member's or user's name, address, telephone number, and,
   if available, e-mail address and a statement that such person or entity
   consents to the jurisdiction of the Federal Court for the judicial district
   in which the content provider's, member's or user's address is located, or if
   the content provider's, member's or user's address is located outside the
   United States, for any judicial district in which R3 Collaboratives is
   located, and that such person or entity will accept service of process from
   the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.

If a counter-notice is received by the Designated Agent, R3 Collaboratives may
send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing
that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in 10
business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order
against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be
replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after
receipt of the counter-notice, at R3 Collaboratives' discretion.

Please contact R3 Collaboratives' Designated Agent to Receive Notification of
Claimed Infringement at the following address:

**Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement:**<br> R3
Collaboratives (Edthena) DMCA Claims<br> Attn: Adam Geller<br> 95 Third Street
Fl 2<br> San Francisco, CA 94103

Effective Date: March 18, 2022.
